README.md, before:

# Data Centric Milestone Project

Welcome to my data centric milestone project. For this project I created an online cookbook, a web application allows users to easily view, create, update and delete recipes.

## UX

This web application will be for users who want to store their own recipes and view other users recipes.

### User Stories

- As a user, I want to find recipes, so I can get some ideas of what I want to cook.
- As a user, I want to find recipes based on an spanish cuisine, so I can cook a spanish meal tonight.
- As a user, I want to find breakfast recipes, so I can get some ideas of what I can make for breakfast.
- As a user, I want to view recipes sorted by likes descending, so I can view the most liked recipes in the database easily.
- As a user, I would like to add my own recipe to the database through an easy to use UI, so other users can see my recipe.
- As a user, I would like the ability to update my recipe, so i can correct any mistakes or add a new idea to the recipe.
- As a user, i would like the ability to delete my recipe, so I can remove the recipe from the database when i wish.  

### Wireframes

Commit message:

Added features to readme.md

README.md, after:

# Data Centric Milestone Project

Welcome to my data centric milestone project. For this project I created an online cookbook, a web application allows users to easily view, create, update and delete recipes.

## UX

This web application will be for users who want to store their own recipes and view other users recipes.

### User Stories

- As a user, I want to find recipes, so I can get some ideas of what I want to cook.
- As a user, I want to find recipes based on an spanish cuisine, so I can cook a spanish meal tonight.
- As a user, I want to find breakfast recipes, so I can get some ideas of what I can make for breakfast.
- As a user, I want to view recipes sorted by likes descending, so I can view the most liked recipes in the database easily.
- As a user, I would like to add my own recipe to the database through an easy to use UI, so other users can see my recipe.
- As a user, I would like the ability to update my recipe, so i can correct any mistakes or add a new idea to the recipe.
- As a user, I would like the ability to delete my recipe, so I can remove the recipe from the database when I wish.  

### Wireframes



## Features

### Existing Features


- All recipes page - This is the landing page, on this page users are welcomed with and introduction to the website and all the recipes displayed.
 
- Sort by menu - This is a dropdown menu where users can choose how they would like all of the recipes to be sorted. Users can sort the recipes by either A-Z, likes ascending or likes descending.
  
- Filter by course buttons - Users can click a course button whether it is breakfast, lunch, dinner, desert or beverage and filter down the recipes to display only the recipes that are of that course.

- Recipe cards - Recipe cards are displayed containing basic information about the recipe including the name, course, total likes, calories and total cooking time. These recipe cards are clickable and take users to a full recipe page.

- Add recipe button - This button will take users to an add recipe form where they can fill in the form to create there own recipe and add it to the database.

- Full recipe page - This page displays full recipe to the user which is the recipes name, total likes, authors name, cuisine, course, prep time, cook time, total time, calories, ingredients and method. This page also includes edit and delete buttons.

- Edit recipe page - This page is accessed though the edit recipe button. This page contains an edit recipe form where the form fields are pre filled with the existing data of the recipe so it is easy to edit.

- Delete recipe button - When a user clicks this button the recipe will be removed from the database.

### Features Left to Implement
